Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#954)
kubernetes/enhancements: CONTRIBUTING.md

-->

- [Contributor License Agreement](https://git.k8s.io/community/CLA.md) Kubernetes projects require that you sign a Contributor License Agreement (CLA) before we can accept your pull requests

> - [Kubernetes Contributor Guide](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/contributors/guide) - Main contributor documentation, or you can just jump directly to the [contributing section](http://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/guide#contributing)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Kubernetes Contributor Guide](https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/guide/README.md) - Main contributor documentation, or you can just jump directly to the [contributing section](https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/guide/README.md#contributing)
```

Author: No problem.

Reviewer: @wangxy518 -- did you have a chance to accept this suggestion? It would need to be committed for me to approve this PR.
